hello to all of you guys like maris chi vi
speak and today we are who with the review
of a wireless gaming mouse product
by for hicks the mx 3200 the only mouse from
wireless home gaming for hicks
since wireless costs a bit more
compared to other mice produced by da
their
the price is 55 euros price that is not
so exaggerated given that with the mo
a base is provided that works from
receiver for the signal that sends the
mouse and also by charger if desired
we can also attach the cable to the
mouse if by chance it is not loaded
enough and we need urgently
to use it
here there is also a system that
he holds his head to prevent it from happening
belly deadlifts use it
the base is rather compact compared to
other solutions on the market ed
even a nice design the mouse is
quite light and unfortunately not there
we are going to adjust the weight is seen
the price would have been nice to have it on
body is symmetrical so it's okay either
for right- handed who is left-handed looking at the
mouse laterally we notice that it is not
so high
unfortunately the side parts are not
rubber coated
which I think would improve the
stability and grip on the left side
we find four additional buttons with
a rather unusual shape and seem
quite well reachable in the part
higher we find the two classic clicks
left and right is a linen art
then there are three more fluid ones
one buttons to increase the dpi one by
decrease them and the other to turn on and
turn off the mouse illumination
let's move on to the bottom here
we find the two contacts through i
which will be attached to the base for the
recharge
then we find two laser sensors
the first is a normal three-mulled matchmaker
reds that can be used in the
energy saving mode for
make the battery last longer
the second one is the gaming one
a very precise sensor that goes
from 90 to 5,040 dpa we find more above it
switch to set the mode of
Energy-saving charging is
the gaming driver is the driver
supplied with the mouse is very simple
too much though the main things
we can set all we can
program all the buttons separately
those to settle for pm for the
brightness so five out of eight are
programmable
then we can adjust the various levels of
pil
the frequency and the various speeds
trying it on different videogames you are
revealed quite precise almost like
a wire mouse and it's also pretty
comfortable even though I'm more used to
higher mice and I prefer them being
that I have large enough second hands
me those are a little more comfortable ones
higher that allow us better
hold then
it is a subjective datum go from person to
person the 4 side buttons
strangely, they are easily
reachable at first sight does not
they seemed but once used for
a few days you realize that in
I'm actually in a good position
let's see the final considerations
how good are we
base that is not very bulky e
works both the battery charger that it is from
320 tore then we have a good sensor that
it goes from 90 to 5,040 dpa we also have a
beautiful design of both the mouse and the base
we also have an internal battery thing
very important because in most
part of wireless mice
there is no internal battery
those you buy separately that up
rechargeable or classic ones
duracell those four avon I have not well
present as like the series this
unfortunately involves an additional expense
however, there are also some aspects
negative
the quality of the material mat is not
just the best
the software for the configuration is
can be improved offers few things and is not
very intuitive then there is no system
of weight regulation
in conclusion it is a wireless mouse
quite good although there are others
good alternatives on the market of course
spending more at around € 15 more
there is the logitech of 602
in my opinion it deserves recognition
to the best design for the design really
nice to see that from the mouse an effect
metallic i hope this review there
both liked and was useful
been so remember to leave me
like is a comment on what you think
of this mouse
we'll see you in the next video